Add meta descriptions (#4003)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/development/packaging/generate-wpk-package.rst

.. Copyright (C) 2021 Wazuh, Inc.

.. meta::

>   :description: Check out the step-by-step guide on how to create a WPK package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: Check out the Wazuh documentation to learn how to create a WPK package. Wazuh provides an automated way of building WPK packages using docker.
```
